README.md, before:

# fire_experiment

This is my code for an experiment analyzing how primates attend to fire. I utilized a saliency model GBVS to assess if attending to fire was accounted for via saliency or through a quality of the fire itself.

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Results](#results)
- [References](#references)

## Introduction
This project aims to understand the visual attention of primates towards fire. By using the Graph-Based Visual Saliency (GBVS) model, we can determine whether the attention is due to the inherent saliency of fire or other factors.

## Installation
To run this project, you need to have Python installed. You can install the required dependencies using the following command:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Additionally, in a seperate repository you need to clone GBVS using:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/shreelock/gbvs
```

## Usage
To use the code, run the following command:
```bash
python fire_script.py
```

## Results
The results of the experiment will be saved in the `results` directory. You can analyze these results to understand the attention patterns.

## References
- [GBVS on GitHub](https://github.com/shreelock/gbvs)
- [Original Paper on GBVS](Harel, J., Koch, C., & Perona, P. (2006). Graph-based visual saliency. Advances in neural information processing systems, 19.)

Commit message:

changed the way we reference the saliency_models directory

README.md, after:

# fire_experiment

This is my code for an experiment analyzing how primates attend to fire. I utilized a saliency model GBVS to assess if attending to fire was accounted for via saliency or through a quality of the fire itself.

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Results](#results)
- [References](#references)

## Introduction
This project aims to understand the visual attention of primates towards fire. By using the Graph-Based Visual Saliency (GBVS) model, we can determine whether the attention is due to the inherent saliency of fire or other factors.

## Installation
To run this project, you need to have Python installed. You can install the required dependencies using the following command:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Additionally, in a seperate repository you need to clone GBVS using:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/shreelock/gbvs
```
once cloned copy the saliency_models folder into the fire_experiment folder.

## Usage
To use the code, run the following command:
```bash
python fire_script.py
```

## Results
The results of the experiment will be saved in the `results` directory. You can analyze these results to understand the attention patterns.

## References
- [GBVS on GitHub](https://github.com/shreelock/gbvs)
- [Original Paper on GBVS](Harel, J., Koch, C., & Perona, P. (2006). Graph-based visual saliency. Advances in neural information processing systems, 19.)
